===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:38 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-03-26-13.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Plan for next release 3) Open discussion
  (alinefm, 13:05:06)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:06:31)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:06:31)
  * alinefm Fixed the problems found in the repository management
    feature  (alinefm, 13:08:02)
  * shaohef is still doing the Chinese translation  (shaohef, 13:08:04)
  * alinefm Added lock for YUM operation  (alinefm, 13:08:32)
  * rotru fixed problem with non persistent networks; Investigated and
    sent patches to fix problems when disk is full; Sent patch to sort
    devices order in Logical  storage pool creation;  (rotru, 13:09:55)
  * rotru fixed problems with iso streaming and feature tests.  (rotru,
    13:11:10)
  * royce tested kimchi on ubuntu 13.04 and fixed bugs relating to
    logical pool, documentation and so on.  (alinefm, 13:11:54)
  * danielhb has made progress in the "kimchi runs as root" issue. Using
    nginx, I was able to run 2 cherrypy instances, one as root, another
    as a regular user. The reason to use a proxy is because all the JS
    attempts failed. I'll detail the problems in the github issue when
    possible  (danielhb, 13:12:05)
  * pradeep image_format patch in progress. got struck with an issue.
    /me working on it. Will have patch by next week.  (pradeep,
    13:12:54)
  * lagarcia fixed an issue where error messages were not being printed
    when disk was got full during debug report generation  (lagarcia,
    13:13:43)
  * lagarcia found a bug that was leading to incorrect KimchiException
    translation  (lagarcia, 13:14:04)
  * lagarcia sent two other minor patches.  (lagarcia, 13:14:15)
  * adamkingit finished updating manage repo to work w/ the updated
    backend  (AdamKingIT1, 13:15:27)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/i18n-Quick-Tips
    (alinefm, 13:18:17)

* Plan for next release  (alinefm, 13:22:30)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-Backlog
    (alinefm, 13:23:39)

* Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:27:56)



Meeting ended at 14:02:44 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (75)
* rotru (21)
* AdamKingIT1 (15)
* lagarcia (8)
* shaohef (7)
* ramonn (4)
* pvital (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* pradeep (1)
* danielhb (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4