===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:21 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-04-23-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:30)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:04)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:04)
  * alinefm sent patches to list system users and groups (/host/users
    and /host/groups). It will be needed while setting users and groups
    to VM  (alinefm, 13:05:26)
  * adamkingit submitted patch and addressed comments for VMEdit UI
    (adamkingit, 13:06:33)
  * pvital tested danielhb patches related to issue #329 in ppc -
    "working as designed".  (pvital, 13:06:38)
  * alinefm sent patches to return host stats history.
    /host/stats/history will return the last 60 values and /host/stats
    keeps returning the current single values  (alinefm, 13:06:44)
  * adamkingit submitted patch addressing an issue with user action menu
    width  (adamkingit, 13:06:52)
  * adamkingit submitted patches and addressed comments for "display
    version/build number"  (adamkingit, 13:08:56)
  * vianac I was in vacation for the last month, I don't have any
    updates :-)  (vianac, 13:10:00)
  * royce submitted patch about UI manage disk, fixed another bug
    related to iso scaning regression  (royce, 13:10:36)
  * danielhb finished the "kimchi must run as root" issue #329
    (danielhb, 13:11:30)
  * royce tried setmetadata and discussed with shaohe about metadata
    handling, is rebasing my disk manage backend on that  (royce,
    13:11:31)
  * YuXin 'Edit Guest Network Interface' patch v2 sent, need to further
    discuss whether to expose interface model  (YuXin, 13:11:33)
  * adamkingit got a friend @IBM_SteveKim to produce artwork for our
    youtube channel
    https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2qZVw3fsyPxIOO1iOXp1xA
    (adamkingit, 13:12:36)
  * shaohef discuss with royce about metadata, and send a patch set.
    (shaohef, 13:13:08)
  * LINK: https://youtube  (YuXin, 13:14:13)
  * ACTION: adamkingit to fup w/ ming abuot video  (adamkingit,
    13:19:34)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues?milestone=13&page=1&state=open
    (alinefm, 13:47:19)



Meeting ended at 14:02:02 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* adamkingit
  * adamkingit to fup w/ ming abuot video



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (76)
* adamkingit (35)
* shaohef (28)
* royce (23)
* hlwanghl (12)
* YuXin (5)
* danielhb (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* vianac (2)
* pvital (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4