===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:55 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:13)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * alinefm added mechanism to translate help pages  (alinefm, 13:06:13)
  * YuXin Edit Guest Network Interface, Patch V1 sent, need to discuss
    the interface model  (YuXin, 13:06:13)
  * rotru  is working in new patches of "edit vm cpu/memory" feature
    (rotru, 13:06:30)
  * royce finished guest disks manage backend patch v1, merged ide
    support 4 disks patch, now working on the UI for disk manage
    slowly...  (royce, 13:06:37)
  * alinefm created API to add users/groups to the vms  (alinefm,
    13:06:42)
  * alinefm now I am working on a API to list all system users and
    groups - it will be useful when user will update the vm users/groups
    from UI  (alinefm, 13:07:15)
  * shaohef send version API support.  (shaohef, 13:08:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2.1
    (adamkingit, 13:17:27)
  * danielhb submitted a 5th version of "kimchi must not run as root"
    with the FABULOUS help of alinefm . Patch is waiting for
    review/approval  (danielhb, 13:17:47)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:21:10)
  * rotru investigated and helped to fix problems when create multiple
    templates  (rotru, 13:21:12)



Meeting ended at 14:27:09 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (97)
* adamkingit (43)
* shaohef (32)
* YuXin (30)
* royce (30)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* rotru (2)
* danielhb (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4