13:01:40 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:01:40 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Thu Dec 26 13:01:40 2013 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:01:40 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:01:48 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:01:48 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:02:15 <alinefm> #info  Agenda 1) Sprint 1 status 2) Open discussion
13:02:18 <alinefm> anything else?
13:02:42 <zhoumeina> kimchi UI widget
13:03:14 <alinefm> zhoumeina, we can cover it during open discussion section
13:03:29 <zhoumeina> alinefm: great
13:04:22 <alinefm> First, I would like to thank you gain for the hard work to get 1.1 release done
13:04:30 <alinefm> and let's do better for 1.2 =)
13:05:02 <alinefm> #topic Sprint 1 status
13:05:05 <alinefm> https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2
13:05:50 <zhoumeina> alinefm: apporc sent a patch of spice, he said that he will push it merged, the back-end.
13:06:30 <alinefm> zhoumeina, great
13:06:40 <alinefm> zhoumeina, are you doing the UI?
13:06:56 <zhoumeina> I have done it long ago
13:07:10 <alinefm> zhoumeina, ok
13:07:16 <alinefm> please everyone, provide status by using #info <nickname> <msg>
13:07:23 <alinefm> that way I don't need to pass item by item
13:07:28 <zhoumeina> because some comment of back-end, so it have not been merged
13:07:54 <alinefm> zhoumeina, yes - we need to merge backend first then UI
13:08:26 <zhoumeina> #info iscsi UI is done
13:08:33 <alinefm> #info alinefm I sent some patches to refactore the backend code - some for pep8 and a big one to split controller.py into small modules
13:09:18 <shaohef> #info shaohef send a patch set: template support network.
13:09:18 <shaohef> #info shaohef send a patch set: check and fix search permission.
13:09:36 <alinefm> #info alinefm next steps will be refactore model/mockmodel code - split them into small modules and remove redundancy
13:09:39 <rotru> #info rotru  We have had some discussion on FC Storage Pool implementation in the mailing list and  I am planning to start code something today
13:10:42 <zhoumeina> rotru: can you send the rest api interface to me first,so that I can begin UI part?
13:11:39 <rotru> zhoumeina; sure,
13:11:55 <zhoumeina> #info add server and target select in UI just sent an RFC
13:12:11 <zhoumeina> rotru: thanks
13:13:16 <alinefm> anyone has any block item to discuss?
13:13:35 <rotru> no
13:13:50 <alinefm> zhoumeina, shaohef ?
13:13:52 <YuXin> we need to discuss jquery widget
13:14:10 <alinefm> YuXin, yeap! we will do that on open discussion section
13:14:16 <YuXin> ok
13:14:18 <shaohef> alinefm:  no.
13:14:38 <alinefm> great!
13:15:38 <alinefm> I also would like to reminder everyone to resend patches to new mail list that way we can continue track them
13:16:20 <alinefm> #topic Open discussion
13:16:38 <alinefm> jquery UI widgets
13:16:42 <alinefm> zhoumeina, YuXin ^
13:17:04 <YuXin> widgets in jquery ui can not cover all the UI components of kimchi
13:17:22 <YuXin> Can you introduce 3rd party jquery plugin/widgets?
13:17:51 <zhoumeina> we have found many third-part UI widget, but no reliable ones
13:17:55 <YuXin> 3rd party jquery widgets are not created by google jquery team
13:18:31 <YuXin> so there is risk of qualty and maintaince
13:18:46 <YuXin> I would like to do below
13:19:18 <YuXin> for jquery ui, it covers basic form control component like button/menu and some container widget like dialog/tab container
13:20:23 <alinefm> can we create our own jquery widgets?
13:20:27 <YuXin> so if any widget at that level we need but does not contained in jquery-ui, we can create jquery widget
13:20:42 <zhoumeina> alinefm: yes
13:21:01 <YuXin> but for widgets like chart/datagrid which has complicated functionality
13:21:30 <YuXin> jquery-ui does not contain any funtional widget like that, I recommend to use 3rd party
13:22:09 <YuXin> http://plugins.jquery.com/
13:22:13 <alinefm> YuXin, I think this approach is very good
13:22:20 <YuXin> jquery has a widget registry
13:22:27 <YuXin> there is rating
13:22:31 <alinefm> we just need to care about 3rd party licenses before using them in kimchi
13:22:39 <YuXin> exactly
13:22:54 <YuXin> features, quality, maintenance, license.
13:22:55 <YuXin> 
13:22:55 <alinefm> and of course, have in mind we need to maintain them
13:23:07 <YuXin> we do not need to maintain them
13:23:32 <zhoumeina> we need to make our common widget to jquery widget from now on
13:23:36 <YuXin> before we introduce a 3rd party widget, we need to make sure their backend supporting team has good maintenance
13:23:57 <YuXin> so we not need to worry about bug, enhancement request, upgrade
13:24:00 <alinefm> YuXin, yes, but I mean if we find any bug we need to fix it in time
13:24:27 <YuXin> so before using them, we need to test enough
13:24:46 <alinefm> in different browsers and mobile ones too
13:24:51 <YuXin> sure
13:25:09 <alinefm> so let's do it in the following order:
13:25:38 <alinefm> 1) patch set to use jquery widgets
13:25:51 <alinefm> 2) patch set to create our own widgets
13:25:58 <alinefm> 3) 3rd party imports
13:26:05 <alinefm> YuXin, zhoumeina what do you think?
13:26:30 <alinefm> each one can work in one piece
13:26:47 <zhoumeina> if we want to create our own widgets, so we only can import some big widget like grid
13:26:48 <YuXin> for 1), split into two, 1.1, cutomize jquery ui to match kimchi ui style, 1.2, use jquery UI widgets
13:27:35 <YuXin> mei na, correct, for big funtional widget, we can leverage 3rd party
13:28:22 <YuXin> for base level control components, we leverage jquery-ui, if not enough, create our own and make sure to keep them generic enogh
13:28:44 <zhoumeina> I advise we can use juqery UI widget or make by ourselves in our new patchset
13:29:12 <YuXin> yes, we can create our own, just like filterselect
13:29:44 <YuXin> I see we got clear jquery plugin/widget strategy and roadmap
13:29:50 <YuXin> any other concerns?
13:29:55 <alinefm> YuXin, zhoumeina great
13:29:59 <alinefm> YuXin, I have one
13:30:05 <YuXin> got ahead
13:30:25 <alinefm> YuXin, zhoumeina, do you think we can do it all for sprint 1? or it is better to split it into sprint 1 and sprint 2?
13:30:41 <YuXin> we need to split it into sprint one
13:31:04 <YuXin> split it into sprint one and sprint 2
13:31:10 <YuXin> a lot of testing is needed
13:31:35 <zhoumeina> YuXin: agree
13:32:25 <zhoumeina> let's start with filter-select
13:32:52 <YuXin> for sprint one, let us target for jquery-ui part, including cusomize jquery-ui to match kimchi ui style and apply jquery-ui to existing kimchi UI content
13:33:00 <zhoumeina> I will create a jquery filter-select widget in sprint 1
13:33:01 <alinefm> YuXin, zhoumeina, which items we move to sprint 2? 3rd party imports?
13:33:28 <YuXin> for sprint 2, create our own jquery widgets and import 3rd party funtional widgets
13:33:32 <YuXin> is that ok?
13:34:10 <alinefm> YuXin, yeap
13:34:20 <alinefm> YuXin, could you update the wiki?
13:34:24 <YuXin> sure
13:34:25 <alinefm> or do you want I do it?
13:34:39 <YuXin> let me handle it as I know details thre
13:34:41 <YuXin> there
13:34:48 <alinefm> YuXin, great! thanks
13:34:58 <alinefm> anything else to discuss today?
13:36:32 <alinefm> ok
13:36:41 <alinefm> so I would like a feedback
13:37:07 <alinefm> do you prefer I pass item by item during status or that way we do it today ?
13:37:22 <alinefm> shaohef, rotru, zhoumeina, YuXin ^
13:38:49 <zhoumeina> I like the way today, it is more effective
13:38:57 <rotru> alinefm; I think the way today is faster
13:39:28 <YuXin> it is better if there is priority
13:40:07 <YuXin> we need to get the most important/urgent/risk things discussed as early as possible
13:41:28 <alinefm> YuXin, even during status?
13:42:55 <YuXin> for status, just go through work items
13:43:17 <YuXin> I mean for issues that need to discuss
13:43:44 <alinefm> YuXin, got it
13:43:52 <YuXin> and things that are quite inefficient by mail
13:44:13 <alinefm> YuXin, yeap! specially these days with holidays
13:44:51 <zhoumeina> we have many people holiday during sprint 1
13:46:27 <alinefm> yes
13:46:30 <alinefm> We had finished earlier today =)
13:46:39 <alinefm> #endmeeting