===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:20 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Sprint 3 status 2) Sprint 4 and bug fixes 3) Open discussion
  (alinefm, 13:05:39)
* Sprint 3 status  (alinefm, 13:07:08)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:07:09)
  * vianac sent final patcheset about DITA help pages; sent a patch
    fixing long names not shown in Storage Pool and Network tabs; worked
    on a patchset to associate users and groups to VMs; reviewed patches
    on the mailing list.  (vianac, 13:08:08)
  * alinefm helped pvital addresses all comments on update host patches
    (alinefm, 13:08:09)
  * pvital patch V6 sent last night with all suggestions about Host's
    repository support  (pvital, 13:08:18)
  * alinefm helped danielhb addresses all comments on cdrom management
    patches  (alinefm, 13:08:40)
  * YuXin "FC storage pool UI" patch sent, will start to work on add new
    disk to logical pool  (YuXin, 13:08:48)
  * danielhb "Add disk to logical pool" contribution, "cdrom management"
    contribution (partial help), 1 bug fix  (danielhb, 13:08:59)
  * shaohef sent patch "Implement integrity verification"  (shaohef,
    13:09:07)
  * alinefm fixed build process on ubuntu to properly package help html
    files  (alinefm, 13:09:22)
  * pvital sent some bug fixes and some VM templates feature to be used
    by Power systems  (pvital, 13:09:30)
  * alinefm added a script to generated intex.html file to join all help
    html pages to build process  (alinefm, 13:09:59)
  * alinefm worked in some bug fixes  (alinefm, 13:10:22)
  * AdamKingIT finished guest updates. Rebasing so I can send the patch
    set, which a little advice from AlineFM  (AdamKingIT11, 13:10:57)
  * Starting on UI help integration  (AdamKingIT11, 13:11:10)
  * AdamKingIT Starting on UI help integration  (AdamKingIT11, 13:11:27)
  * lagarcia sent patches for basic authorization (differ root and
    non-root users)  (alinefm, 13:12:03)
  * lagarcia send patches to fix kimchi documentation  (alinefm,
    13:13:01)
  * sent out WIP patches for authorization and replied server feedback.
    (ming, 13:13:18)
  * royce is working on attach hard disks -- add ref count to volume,
    patch to v2  (royce, 13:14:10)

* Sprint 4 and bug fixes  (alinefm, 13:23:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues  (alinefm,
    13:27:48)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:56:35)



Meeting ended at 14:05:36 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (93)
* royce (27)
* AdamKingIT11 (20)
* pvital (12)
* ming (11)
* YuXin (8)
* shaohef (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* vianac (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4