===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:19 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Sprint 1 status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:04:36)
* Sprint 1 status  (alinefm, 13:05:53)
  * alinefm Patches related to controller refactoring were merged
    (alinefm, 13:06:59)
  * alinefm I sent some patches to fix pep8 style - still waiting for
    reviews  (alinefm, 13:07:27)
  * alinefm I send a patch related to isoinfo refactoring and got some
    comments from Royce. I will send out the V2 still today  (alinefm,
    13:08:01)
  * alinefm I've already started working on mockmodel refactoring. Maybe
    tomorrow I can send the patches to review  (alinefm, 13:08:37)
  * zhoumeina sent spice UI patch v3 today  (zhoumeina, 13:09:12)
  * zhoumeina has sent widget patches, call for review  (zhoumeina,
    13:10:03)

* Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:18:00)



Meeting ended at 13:31:47 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (41)
* zhoumeina (18)
* YuXin (15)
* rotru (7)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4