===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:29 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-01-22-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Sprint 2 status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:48)
* Sprint 2 status  (alinefm, 13:03:44)
  * alinefm Sent patches about model refactoring to mail list last week.
    Now I am working on apply suggestions made and tests  (alinefm,
    13:04:21)
  * YuXin failed to get a jquery widget library with design, quality,
    maintaince, license, scope that fit into kimchi UI needs, in the
    future we will need to create our own widgets, and apply the widgets
    in the future feature development  (YuXin, 13:05:00)
  * authorization enhancement proposal post and got several feedback.
    and was addressing it.  Started to use PAM to check groups.  (ming,
    13:05:25)
  * nfs checking merged, sprint 1 storagetarget is fixing ubuntu
    workaround, will send patch immediately  (royce, 13:06:47)
  * danielhb reviewed a handful of patches  (danielhb, 13:09:01)

* Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:24:12)



Meeting ended at 14:05:38 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (75)
* royce (46)
* ming (22)
* danielhb (11)
* AdamKingIT (10)
* YuXin (9)
* hlwanghl (6)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* fnovak (1)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4