===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:49 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2013-12-18-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) 1.1 release 2) Mail list note 3) 1.2 Plan 4) Open discussion
  (alinefm, 13:03:00)
* 1.1 release  (alinefm, 13:04:19)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Testing-1.1
    (alinefm, 13:04:32)

* Mail list note  (alinefm, 13:25:35)

* 1.2 Plan  (alinefm, 13:31:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2
    (alinefm, 13:37:33)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Storage-volume-attachment-and-detachment
    (ming, 14:04:04)



Meeting ended at 14:09:05 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (114)
* shaohef (40)
* ming (38)
* markwu (34)
* zhoumeina (23)
* zhshzhou (18)
* rotru (16)
* royce (15)
* AdamKingIT (11)
* danielhb (7)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* fnovak (2)
* hirata (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4