===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by aglitke at 14:30:59 UTC. The full logs are available
at /tmp/kimchi.scrum.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda: 1) Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 14:30:59)
* Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 14:30:59)
  * aglitke has been trying to clear the backlog of patches.  Making
    good progress.  (aglitke, 14:30:59)
  * alinefm Sent patch to fix bug
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/74 (remove vm from
    local database only if it added from Kimchi UI)  (alinefm, 14:30:59)
  * alinefm Sent patch to fix bug
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/71 (keep image
    ratio)  (alinefm, 14:30:59)
  * bingbu sent RFD v2 of adding ISCSI and NFS StoragePool and review
    several patches  (bing_bu, 14:30:59)
  * alinefm Get patches to disable 'create' button in create vm window
    merged  (alinefm, 14:30:59)
  * alinefm Working on clone feature  (alinefm, 14:30:59)
  * royce is doing shallow scan patches, settelled down with design,
    submitted v2, exception series merged, thanks aglitke,
    shaohef,bing_bu for your review  (royce, 14:30:59)
  * I posted a presentation to cattail that I will be using today with
    some customers, and in the future. Comments welcome  (AdamKingIT,
    14:30:59)

Meeting ended at 14:30:59 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* aglitke (107)
* AdamKingIT (32)
* alinefm (25)
* shaohef (18)
* bing_bu (14)
* zhoumeina (12)
* royce (6)
* hlwanghl left the room (quit (2)
* xinding (2)
* hlwanghl (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
