<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:55 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm added mechanism to translate help
    pages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin Edit Guest Network Interface, Patch V1
    sent, need to discuss the interface model</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-15'>YuXin</a>,
    13:06:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru  is working in new patches of "edit vm
    cpu/memory" feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-16'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce finished guest disks manage backend patch
    v1, merged ide support 4 disks patch, now working on the UI for disk
    manage slowly...</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-17'>royce</a>,
    13:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm created API to add users/groups to the
    vms</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm now I am working on a API to list all
    system users and groups - it will be useful when user will update
    the vm users/groups from UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">shaohef send version API support.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-21'>shaohef</a>,
    13:08:13)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2.1">https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2.1</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-42'>adamkingit</a>,
    13:17:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb submitted a 5th version of "kimchi
    must not run as root" with the FABULOUS help of alinefm . Patch is
    waiting for review/approval</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-43'>danielhb</a>,
    13:17:47)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-49'>alinefm</a>, 13:21:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru investigated and helped to fix problems
    when create multiple templates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html#l-50'>rotru</a>,
    13:21:12)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:27:09 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-04-16-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (97)</li>
  <li>adamkingit (43)</li>
  <li>shaohef (32)</li>
  <li>YuXin (30)</li>
  <li>royce (30)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>rotru (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
