<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:19 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Sprint 1 status 2) Open
    discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 1 status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm Patches related to controller
    refactoring were merged</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I sent some patches to fix pep8 style -
    still waiting for reviews</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I send a patch related to isoinfo
    refactoring and got some comments from Royce. I will send out the V2
    still today</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I've already started working on
    mockmodel refactoring. Maybe tomorrow I can send the patches to
    review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">zhoumeina sent spice UI patch v3 today</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-17'>zhoumeina</a>,
    13:09:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">zhoumeina has sent widget patches, call for
    review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-19'>zhoumeina</a>,
    13:10:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html#l-48'>alinefm</a>, 13:18:00)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:31:47 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-01-02-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (41)</li>
  <li>zhoumeina (18)</li>
  <li>YuXin (15)</li>
  <li>rotru (7)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
