===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by aglitke at 13:01:19 UTC. The full logs are available
at
/home/aglitke/src/kimchi-pages/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2013-07-10-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda: 1) 1.0 Features and planning  (aglitke, 13:02:43)
* 2) Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 13:02:55)
* 1.0 Features and planning  (aglitke, 13:05:26)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues?labels=enhancement&milestone=&page=1&state=open
    (aglitke, 13:05:43)
  * ACTION: AdamKingIT add enhancement for login  (aglitke, 13:07:52)
  * ACTION: aglitke add enhancement for iso scanning flow  (aglitke,
    13:08:07)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo   (aglitke,
    13:08:35)
  * ACTION: AdamKingIT  Add other user stories to the GitHub wik
    (AdamKingIT, 13:10:08)
  * ACTION: aglitke add an enhancement for web templates  (aglitke,
    13:22:51)

* Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 13:27:38)
  * alinefm Closed bug
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/21 (get open VNC
    port in mockmodel)  (alinefm, 13:28:48)
  * alinefm Investigated bug
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/6. The problem is
    with Firefox 10.0.2 ESR. We should list the browsers will be
    supported by kimchi.  (alinefm, 13:29:06)
  * alinefm I am unable to reproduce
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/20. Need more
    details in how do that.  (alinefm, 13:29:17)
  * shaohef test kimchi on FC19. shaohef work with zhoumeina to post her
    new patch.  shaohef closed bug 16 and 18  (shaohef, 13:29:27)
  * alinefm Still need to apply review in the patches to disable
    'create' button in create vm window and resend it to review.
    (alinefm, 13:29:34)
  * alinefm Now I am working on
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/4. I was able to
    reproduce the bug and the problem seems to be with screenshots.
    (alinefm, 13:29:54)
  * hlwanghl worked on vm name issue  (hlwanghl_, 13:30:09)
  * BingBu Sent 4 patches:  (bing_bu, 13:30:26)
  * BingBu 1.Disable the VNC button and give warning message to prompt
    user  (bing_bu, 13:30:27)
  * BingBu 2.Raise an exception in skipUnless() to abort the test on
    Python2.6  (bing_bu, 13:30:27)
  * BingBu 3.Bug Fix: Get correct exception info when run unittest on
    Python2.6  (bing_bu, 13:30:27)
  * BingBu 4.Add another path for SLES11 to find the qemu binary
    (bing_bu, 13:30:27)
  * lvroyce fixed some bugs about testcase, template, unicode, are doing
    the dev-ui for template, screenshot flicker patch merged, did some
    review  (lvroyce_, 13:31:42)
  * aglitke Reviewed and applied lots of patches.  (aglitke, 13:31:51)
  * aglitke is hoping to implement an autotools based build and the iso
    scanning flow  (aglitke, 13:32:23)
  * sming rebased async task to v9 and debugreports to V7  (sming,
    13:33:23)
  * sming verified the RPM packages in RHEL 6.4 .  (sming, 13:33:24)
  * zhoumeina is hoping to discuss the design UI together, so that
    everyone can get a good understand of it. and make the UI design
    better  (zhoumeina, 13:33:49)
  * ACTION: shaohef  use virt-manager to try and create a vm with a
    chinese name and report results to list  (aglitke, 13:48:34)
  * ACTION: AdamKingIT start the discussion on the list about how to
    handle UI code updates wrt browser caches  (aglitke1, 13:57:25)

Meeting ended at 14:01:34 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* AdamKingIT add enhancement for login
* aglitke add enhancement for iso scanning flow
* AdamKingIT  Add other user stories to the GitHub wik
* aglitke add an enhancement for web templates
* shaohef  use virt-manager to try and create a vm with a chinese name
  and report results to list
* AdamKingIT start the discussion on the list about how to handle UI
  code updates wrt browser caches




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* AdamKingIT
  * AdamKingIT add enhancement for login
  * AdamKingIT  Add other user stories to the GitHub wik
  * AdamKingIT start the discussion on the list about how to handle UI
    code updates wrt browser caches
* aglitke
  * aglitke add enhancement for iso scanning flow
  * aglitke add an enhancement for web templates
* shaohef
  * shaohef  use virt-manager to try and create a vm with a chinese name
    and report results to list
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* aglitke (115)
* AdamKingIT (37)
* shaohef (24)
* hlwanghl_ (18)
* sming (16)
* zhoumeina (13)
* aglitke1 (12)
* alinefm (11)
* lvroyce (8)
* bing_bu (7)
* lvroyce_ (5)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* dingxin (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
