<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:17 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Sprint 1 status 2) Open
    discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 1 status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">UI patches for iSCSI pool, I just send
    v6</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-17'>zhoumeina</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm Patches related to isoinfo refactoring
    were merged</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce  status: storage targets probe, almost
    done, fixing problem of GET param to cover more scenario, will send
    new version tonight</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-19'>royce</a>,
    13:07:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I am still working on model/mockmodel
    refactoring. I hope sending patches at the beginning of next
    week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce asks to add "cdrom add/changemedia
    support" to sprint 2, RFC submitted, @alinefm</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-21'>royce</a>,
    13:08:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">zhoumeina iSCSI patches is ready to go</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-22'>zhoumeina</a>,
    13:08:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru FC/SCSI feature: The backend API to
    create the SCSI pool is done. I am currently hacking the vm creation
    process to use SCSI Luns as disks.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-25'>rotru</a>,
    13:09:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">customize of jquery-ui widget in use is
    completed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-26'>YuXin</a>,
    13:10:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">shaohe's customise network for template is
    merged, now he's working on permission checking and report attatched
    vm information on a network</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-28'>royce</a>,
    13:10:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Design UI removal V2  is calling for
    review.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-38'>ming</a>,
    13:13:11)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NPIV">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NPIV</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-64'>AdamKingIT</a>,
    13:23:29)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://tools.cherrypy.org/wiki/RestfulAuth">http://tools.cherrypy.org/wiki/RestfulAuth</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-78'>ming</a>,
    13:30:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-118'>alinefm</a>, 13:47:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/authorization">https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/authorization</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html#l-159'>AdamKingIT</a>,
    14:04:29)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:14:39 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-01-08-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (68)</li>
  <li>AdamKingIT (29)</li>
  <li>ming (27)</li>
  <li>rotru (25)</li>
  <li>royce (13)</li>
  <li>zhoumeina (6)</li>
  <li>YuXin (5)</li>
  <li>pradeep (3)</li>
  <li>christyp (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>pvital_ (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
