===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:11 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-02-12-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Sprint 3 status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:31)
* Sprint 3 status  (alinefm, 13:02:54)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:02:57)
  * vianac sent first version of the patchset "Add DITA help pages";
    reviewed patches on the mailing list  (vianac, 13:03:12)
  * alinefm Sent V2 patches about refactor exception which got reviews
    from danielhb. Will be merged today  (alinefm, 13:03:58)
  * hlwanghl WIP Host Software Update UI  (hlwanghl, 13:04:29)
  * lagarcia sent first version of authorization support patch series.
    Working on v2 today.  (lagarcia, 13:05:03)
  * lagarcia sent some corrections to kimchi documentation. Working on
    v2 today.  (lagarcia, 13:05:40)
  * rotru sent 4 Bug fix patches, sent v5 of FC/SCSI patch and sent
    cdrom management patch  (rotru, 13:06:14)
  * danielhb sent the "add disk to LVM pool" contribution which was
    already merged. Now working on the v4 version of the CDROM
    contribution  (danielhb, 13:06:20)
  * pvital sent V3 of host's software update; sent V1 of host's
    repositories support;  (pvital, 13:06:22)

* Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:12:41)



Meeting ended at 14:03:54 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (84)
* lagarcia (45)
* rotru (34)
* danielhb (23)
* vianac (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* pradeep1 (2)
* pvital (1)
* hlwanghl (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4