===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:40 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2013-12-26-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Sprint 1 status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:15)
* Sprint 1 status  (alinefm, 13:05:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.2
    (alinefm, 13:05:05)
  * iscsi UI is done  (zhoumeina, 13:08:26)
  * alinefm I sent some patches to refactore the backend code - some for
    pep8 and a big one to split controller.py into small modules
    (alinefm, 13:08:33)
  * alinefm next steps will be refactore model/mockmodel code - split
    them into small modules and remove redundancy  (alinefm, 13:09:36)
  * rotru  We have had some discussion on FC Storage Pool implementation
    in the mailing list and  I am planning to start code something today
    (rotru, 13:09:39)
  * add server and target select in UI just sent an RFC  (zhoumeina,
    13:11:55)

* Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:16:20)
  * LINK: http://plugins.jquery.com/  (YuXin, 13:22:09)



Meeting ended at 13:46:39 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (56)
* YuXin (43)
* zhoumeina (19)
* rotru (4)
* shaohef (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4