<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:32 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Sprint 3 status 2) Open
    discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 2 status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>, 13:02:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 3 status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>, 13:02:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I applied comments and resent the
    apporc patches to mail list about remove useless libvirt messages
    while running feature tests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm I applied comments and resent sheldon
    patches about iso permission (already merged)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital Sent RFC for Host's Repository support
    last Friday. Working on V2 of Host's Software Update and V1 of
    Host's Repository support. Planning to submit both to mailing list
    this Friday</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-14'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lagarcia will be working on the authorization
    task that is still pending.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-15'>lagarcia</a>,
    13:04:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm Sent RFC about refactor exception to
    mail list. I got a feedback from vianac and now I am implementing
    it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru is finishing V4 of SCSI FC, which
    includes test cases and fixes to UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-17'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru sent RFC of CDROM management task ... API
    implementation is under discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-18'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac sent RFC about generate HTML help page;
    reviewed patches on the mailing list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-19'>vianac</a>,
    13:06:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru also fixed a minor bug in  host shutdown
    functionality and find a bug with tests and sosreport in F20</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-21'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-53'>alinefm</a>, 13:21:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://paste.fedoraproject.org/74614/13916070/">http://paste.fedoraproject.org/74614/13916070/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-86'>lagarcia</a>,
    13:31:08)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://bugzilla.linux.ibm.com/show_bug.cgi?id=99234">https://bugzilla.linux.ibm.com/show_bug.cgi?id=99234</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-119'>christyp</a>,
    13:40:15)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/sosreport/sosreport/issues/216">https://github.com/sosreport/sosreport/issues/216</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html#l-121'>alinefm</a>,
    13:42:14)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:50:18 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-02-05-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (72)</li>
  <li>rotru (28)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (22)</li>
  <li>danielhb (9)</li>
  <li>christyp (5)</li>
  <li>AdamKingIT (4)</li>
  <li>pvital (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>vianac (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
