===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by aglitke at 13:00:10 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2013-07-31-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda  (aglitke, 13:00:52)
* Build system and rename changes  (aglitke, 13:01:06)
* Planning for the September Release  (aglitke, 13:01:27)
* Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 13:01:44)
* Build system and rename changes  (aglitke, 13:09:40)

* Planning for the September Release  (aglitke, 13:13:30)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo   (aglitke,
    13:13:39)

Meeting ended at 14:07:05 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* aglitke (165)
* AdamKingIT (47)
* bing_bu (19)
* zhoumeina (18)
* royce (17)
* sming (13)
* alinefm (8)
* shaohef (5)
* kimchi-bot (3)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
