===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by aglitke at 13:00:28 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2013-08-21-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda:  (aglitke, 13:00:56)
* Roundtable / Open Discussion  (aglitke, 13:01:11)
* September Release  (aglitke, 13:01:33)
* September Release  (aglitke, 13:05:39)
  * ISO Streaming  (aglitke, 13:06:25)
  * ISO Scanning  (aglitke, 13:06:36)
  * SSL and Authentication  (aglitke, 13:06:55)
  * Storage  (AdamKingIT, 13:06:58)
  * Network  (AdamKingIT, 13:07:08)
  * "cleanup" for lack of a better term  (AdamKingIT, 13:07:51)
  * KPI replacement  (aglitke, 13:09:26)
  * capabilities REST API  (aglitke, 13:20:28)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/12   (alinefm,
    13:23:42)
  * LINK: http://wiki.libvirt.org/page/Networking#Host_configuration
    (YuXin, 13:31:10)

* Round table / Open DIscussion  (aglitke, 13:39:23)
  * : UI needs better format  (zhoumeina, 13:40:50)

Meeting ended at 14:04:29 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* aglitke (123)
* AdamKingIT (24)
* ming (24)
* alinefm (19)
* royce (18)
* zhoumeina (11)
* YuXin (7)
* shaohef (6)
* bing_bu (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
