<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:20 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Sprint 3 status 2) Sprint 4 and bug
    fixes 3) Open discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 3 status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>, 13:07:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac sent final patcheset about DITA help
    pages; sent a patch fixing long names not shown in Storage Pool and
    Network tabs; worked on a patchset to associate users and groups to
    VMs; reviewed patches on the mailing list.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-11'>vianac</a>,
    13:08:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm helped pvital addresses all comments on
    update host patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital patch V6 sent last night with all
    suggestions about Host's repository support</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-13'>pvital</a>,
    13:08:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm helped danielhb addresses all comments
    on cdrom management patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin "FC storage pool UI" patch sent, will
    start to work on add new disk to logical pool</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-17'>YuXin</a>,
    13:08:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb "Add disk to logical pool"
    contribution, "cdrom management" contribution (partial help), 1 bug
    fix</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-18'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">shaohef sent patch "Implement integrity
    verification"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-19'>shaohef</a>,
    13:09:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm fixed build process on ubuntu to
    properly package help html files</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:09:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital sent some bug fixes and some VM
    templates feature to be used by Power systems</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-21'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm added a script to generated intex.html
    file to join all help html pages to build process</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:09:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm worked in some bug fixes</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:10:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">AdamKingIT finished guest updates. Rebasing so
    I can send the patch set, which a little advice from AlineFM</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-24'>AdamKingIT11</a>,
    13:10:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Starting on UI help integration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-25'>AdamKingIT11</a>,
    13:11:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">AdamKingIT Starting on UI help
    integration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-26'>AdamKingIT11</a>,
    13:11:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lagarcia sent patches for basic authorization
    (differ root and non-root users)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-27'>alinefm</a>,
    13:12:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lagarcia send patches to fix kimchi
    documentation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>,
    13:13:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">sent out WIP patches for authorization and
    replied server feedback.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-29'>ming</a>,
    13:13:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce is working on attach hard disks -- add
    ref count to volume, patch to v2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-31'>royce</a>,
    13:14:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Sprint 4 and bug fixes</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-59'>alinefm</a>, 13:23:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues">https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-66'>alinefm</a>,
    13:27:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html#l-145'>alinefm</a>, 13:56:35)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:05:36 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-02-19-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (93)</li>
  <li>royce (27)</li>
  <li>AdamKingIT11 (20)</li>
  <li>pvital (12)</li>
  <li>ming (11)</li>
  <li>YuXin (8)</li>
  <li>shaohef (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>danielhb (2)</li>
  <li>vianac (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
