<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan 22 13:02:29 2014 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda 1) Sprint 2 status 2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic to add?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> Looks good
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sprint 2 status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> Please provide your status using the #info command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm Sent patches about model refactoring to mail list last week. Now I am working on apply suggestions made and tests</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">YuXin failed to get a jquery widget library with design, quality, maintaince, license, scope that fit into kimchi UI needs, in the future we will need to create our own widgets, and apply the widgets in the future feature development</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">authorization enhancement proposal post and got several feedback. and was addressing it.  Started to use PAM to check groups.</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I got a chart library with a MIT license which can be backup in case we will heavily depend on charting capabilities
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> <span class="hi">YuXin:</span> Would you send a link so we can review the license ahead of time?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> already sent
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">nfs checking merged, sprint 1 storagetarget is fixing ubuntu workaround, will send patch immediately</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> Till now, I would like to end the sprint content of jquery widget library
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, http://www.jqplot.com/docs/files/MIT-LICENSE-txt.html
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, license should be clean
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, please double check the license
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> <span class="hi">YuXin:</span> Will do. Been a while since I read MIT license.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> info #rotru  Discussed a little bit more about the FC SCSI task, start the implementation of the missing backend API (scsi_hosts devices retrieve, scsi host retrieve  ) and refactoring the code according to comments in the reviews
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, checking the wiki, in addition to nfs pre-validation there is that: "Add kimchi group when installation"
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, are you working on that?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:08:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fnovak&gt;</span> license looks good/clean
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> even this is ok, now, I do not want to introduce it. I would like introduce it to kimchi whenever next time the new feature requries new charting capability
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">danielhb reviewed a handful of patches</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> <span class="hi">fnovak:</span> Looks like the library is dual license
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> !!forgot that one....alinefm,I'll hands on that tomorrow
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, ok
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anyone has news about pvital and update patches?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> WHat is "add kimchi group"?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> I also can not figure out why it has both GPL and MIT
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, it means we need to add a kimchi group to make sure after nfs pool mounted , volume permission works right
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> Maybe GPL for commercial, MIT for personal?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, when creating a nfs pool, if the path is not exported with the right permission we can not mount it
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;YuXin&gt;</span> GPL can not for commerical I think
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> hmm, adding a user group if the host is configured w/ a readonly LDAP will be, umm, challenging
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, I don't think we will do it
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> my idea is create a groups "kimchi-nfs" and when admin set the exports paths he need to add this group
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> it is linux user group
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> if the patch is not exported with the right permissions,  why we should mount it?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> then kimchi can work with it
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> s/patch/path
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> y, its not possible. We'll need to account for the possibility that the code can't create the group
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> for example: in /etc/exports the admin should do: /home/alinefm/mount-nfs (kimchi-nfs*)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> alinefm, in nfs servers?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ming, yes
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> at least it was my idea
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> ming, you know, we need to force them not mapping to nobody
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, what are you thinking about?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> it is related to root mapping to nobody problem
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, because send the patch, send an email to mail list explaining with the details the problem and your proposal solution
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:15:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> s/because/before
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> because our root act as nobody in nfs server, we need to prevent this to happen by ensure we are mapping as users in kimchi group
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> nfs servers are most likely different from the Kimchi servers.  So we need to change the nfs configuration in the nfs servers?  That is not what Kimchi users expect
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> qemu and libvirt will added to this group so that they can manipulate the image
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> ming, we need to configure export
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, I sent a mail but seems nobody responsed
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> royce, I think that is export in nfs server.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> yes,ming,we need to make sure server export option is right
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, really? what is the subject?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> let me see...
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> [project-kimchi] NFS img permission problem
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> royce, let me think if there is another solution.  Make the user to change the configuration for nfs server is not very friendly.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, please, resend it to new mail list
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> we make permission check when create nfs pool
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> if we find the file permission's not right for qemu and libvirt, we reject it immediately
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, OK
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ming, royce, we can continue on mail list
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> alinefm, that great
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, ming, do you have updates from sheldon task?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> sheldon's working on his interface patchset
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> he has already sent list interface patches, and is working on attach and detach
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> I would like to talk about alinefm 's model refactoring
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, ok, thanks
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, sure
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> let's move on to open discussion section
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, please, go ahead
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> alinefm, sheldon post the  refactor code to make new resource or collection class adding in one place instead of in multiple directories. That is an effort to continue Aline's code refactor.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ming, yeap! it is pretty nice
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> In my opinion, we should get this model refactoring (or any other proposed mass refactoring) done and pushed before the chinese New Year
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> it has a huge impact in everyone and we shouldn't delay it any more than necessary
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> before the Chinese New Year is tomorrow!!
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> the chinese holidays I mean
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> jan 31 to feb 9 am I right?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> danilehb,  ASAP.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, most of them start getting out tomorrow
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> danielhb, right. The public vacations is from jan 31 to feb 7
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> danielhb,  IBM China force us to take 8.9 off using vacations.
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> before?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> alinefm, I will stay to Jan 30.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, ming, I will do my best to get those patches ready to merge asap but I think tomorrow is a tiny date
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I am applying the comments from reviews and testing
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> why tomorrow? Am I missing something here about the chinese holidays?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Is it better to do it during sprint3? There will be no others messing things up and Aline won't need to rebase with the changes
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, if we can do it for sprint 2 is better
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I don't like to postpone so much a patch like those
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> royce, good point. We are out in sprint 3
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:30:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> it affects everyone
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> when does sprint3 starts?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> daniegb, 1.30
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> sounds reasonable to push these changes next week
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, next week
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, ming, royce, ok!
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> let's do that way, sooner those patches are tested we apply them
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> later next week, in the begging of sprint 3
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> agree?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> I wish we can have it sooner, will help to review, but I'm worry about it is a huge one and merge may introduce bugs
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> Enhh,  need test on different platforms.
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, can we split it one by one?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, unfortunately not, as we change the how model is built
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:37:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so we need to change all classes and model loader in same patch set
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic to discuss?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:39:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> well, so I have one =)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> about the img permission patch sent by royce and shaohef
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce proposed to only use setfacl and don't change file permissions
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ming, ^
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> suggestions? comments?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:40:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> That is a compromise of change permission
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:40:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> the img permission change may lead to the whole path change to have r+x
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> That is not what we want
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> so if we cannot just setfacl for qemu, we abandon to change it
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> setfacl will change the acl of the file which is stored in host file systems like other file permissions.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> IMO, file permission and acl belongs to host instead of Kimchi.
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:45:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> ming, acl just add a whole for qemu user, other users won't leverage it, so we think it is not harmful. But shaohef and I are OK with totally dump change permission too
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> alinefm, what do you think?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, I like the idea to use setfacl (I think virt-manager does the same)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> Agree with ming
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I got very disappointed to kimchi and I tried to create a vm and it failed because of permission and the same iso works in virt-manager
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> hehheh
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the idea of kimchi is easy to use for every users - experts or not
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:48:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so I am in a conflict
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> User should put iso in proper location and with proper permissions
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> royce, If you have to change acl, let us log them.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> yes! especially those who are not expert
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:49:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> What we concerned if someone put iso under /root/abc/def.iso, if use directory stats change permission, all the contents under root directoy get disclosed
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:49:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ming&gt;</span> royce, it would be better if someone try to uninstall Kimchi. The stored acl will come back.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and users not expert will know how to fix permission without kimchi intervention?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> we should avoid loopholes
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> ming, good point
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:50:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> AdamKingIT, what your opinion about all that?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> i do like the idea of logging it if we change permissions
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:52:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> but setfacl is just for qemu, qemu does not have tty, and if others want to ran as qemu, it needs to have root previledge
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:52:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> and I don't think we want to be less funtional than virt-manager
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yes! and ming's idea about rollback should also be implemented
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> that's right
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> basically, mark, sheldon and I think setfacl is safe while stats permission change is not
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdamKingIT&gt;</span> if you would have to have root permission to exploit the change,  then you could have just made the change yourself. So I would agree that is safe
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we have a deal?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> only use setfacl and restore its value on kimchi removal?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hlwanghl&gt;</span> If only admin group users can create templates, then it's safe
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:54:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:56:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we have more 5 minutes
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:56:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:57:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> I'm good
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Aline, do you still keep the Model.vms_get_list() api or use Model.vms.get_list() api?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:58:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, Model.vms.get_list
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:59:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> then you'll change test_model.py, right?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Ok, I'm good with this one
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> I want to recommend sheldon's module probe again:)
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">14:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, in fact, we dont need to change the tests if we load all functions in one class Model as Zheng Shen did for plugin
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">14:00:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> I saw his proposal
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">14:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> that is to construct vms_get_list at run time
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">14:00:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> royce, yeap! I will adopt it too. But maybe after getting sheldon's patches merged
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">14:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">14:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> that is great!
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">14:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Thanks alinefm for reviewing our patch when your schedule is tight~
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">14:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> =)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">14:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I also would like to ask China folks to send the patches (partial or completed) before getting out for the holidays
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">14:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> that way we can continue the work when you are out
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">14:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> Sure we will~
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">14:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;royce&gt;</span> We'd better not leave burden to you:)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">14:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yeap! thanks =)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">14:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks all for joining
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">14:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
